Holy Emperor Holy Emperor
Why are you here?
Society, please help me
I raised you for 13 years
You help me.
I beg the Gu family to let Jiaming go
Is the Gu family going to send Jiaming to jail?
Tian Jiaming did such an outrageous thing to me
He also hurt the young master of the Gu family
He deserved his sentence.
Are you
I really don't care about our mother-daughter relationship at all
Are you siblings in love?
I grew up.
I don't do the dirty work at home
I was bullied like that at school.
Did you ever say a word?
And I wondered why.
I found out later
I was just picked up by the side of the road by you
Tell me love
Saint
It seems that the Gu family didn't tell you the truth at all
Next Ming kidnaps you
It was ordered by the Gu family
Pardon me?
You see
The transfer received by Jiaming was made by the Gu family.
It was directed by the Gu family
Let Garmin play this bitter play on you
Lying to you to go home
Turns out they were talking bitterness